[[Development]]
[[Economy]]
[[Infrastructure]]
[[Awalentse]]
[[_Ravhavan Union]]

*A rot was festering in the west. The end of the [[Valente War]] had led to the creation of a new state, one overseen by the Ravhavan council. The Awalentse was the Ravhavan name for Valente, and they now were known around the world as such. Unfortunately, the once great naval power had seen its bureaucracy grow rife with corruption, and its efforts to recover from the war had not been helped by this. [[Emira]] had allowed the new monarchy to rule over the lands unabetted, but now saw this was a mistake. She gathered the council, leaders of the [[Elh]], [[Ibni]], [[Eneb]], and [[Ogol]] together at [[Ves]] to discuss the next steps in for the Awalentse. She called for the residing monarch to come sit, and together they laid out a plan for both a 2 year recovery plan and also a longer term plan; the expansion of Elh trading roads across the peninsula and the cross emigration of Ravhavans and Valente. The other main focus of the meeting would be the expansion of the Valente ship works and the possible introduction of a Valente representative to the council. All but the last pass unanimously, with the Elh, Ibni, and Eneb declining on the entrance of a Valente council member. Emira is able to ratify in a promise to revisit the matter at the next convening of council members.*

*The plan was set in motion, builders were conscripted from both nations while architects consulted with communities to design and build aqueducts, roads, and various other infrastructure projects around the central desert. In [[Tsecho]], on the tip of the peninsula, designs for a large expansion to the city were made, with a huge trade port surrounding the jutting cliff where a large thermal bath and lodging facility was constructed from the grey stone of the [[Dragon's Spine Mountains]]. Tsecho was to become a jewel sitting on the tip of the peninsula, very important for traders travelling through the Csarian sea. Representatives from the [[Csarian Empire]] were brought to discuss trade routes through their land in the peninsula and the possibility for the Valente people within their land to live in Awalentse, rather than be ruled over by Csarians. The Ibni were also brought in to expand the steelmaking capabilities of Awalentse, the smelteries housed deep in the desert and connected by roads to Ves and the river networks of Ravhava so that the steel could be spread quickly throughout the Union. Finally, mandates were given out to aid in the construction of arts, learning, and trade institutions throughout the peninsula. The [[Ogol]], [[Neung-Alchem]], and [[Grain & Livestock Guild]] were given their respective field to focus on. These mandates insisted that the cost and ownership were to be split evenly between the guild or organization and the Awalentse provincial governorship, allowing for further collaboration between the two nations.*

*To oversee this and ensure the existing corruption in Awalentse does not permeate these new efforts, Emira consults [[Tchankh]], the former [[Rek]] of the Ravhavan army and a good friend of her father's. She asks that he act as advisor to the monarchy, but also sole controller over Ravhavan investment in the region. She also contacts the leader of the G&LG, [[Tsawb]], to act as chief investigator in collaboration with Tchankh when rooting out corruption in the region. With all the setup done, she sends for emissaries to contact the necessary parties, sending out letters and allowing her to refocus on the general matters of state. Only time will tell how successful these investments will be, or how stubborn the corrupted underbelly may prove to be.*