```
The shattering had sent shockwaves across Arcanis in the midst of a key moment. When the murmurs of instability first began, nearly every major power was engaged in a war of some kind. Latvinia found itself embroiled in a never ending conflict with the Faelani who had proven a long lasting thorn in their side. The great Archeonic Empire and Valtir-Het clashed, showing just how far Ramfelt had fallen from his height. Almost all of Valtoria was embroiled in the war for Sepul, the largest conflict the continent had seen since they had united to fend off the steppe hordes. Valbaneea and the Mavarian states threatened to bring forth a tide of war in the south with their numerous ties to the rest of Selfalora. Over the course of the shattering each of these wars came to their own conclusion, but not before their belligerents incurred a great many losses and even those not directly engaged saw their nations crumble to internal conflict. With the collapse of Sepul, the shattering showed it was not done yet. Khoakhram, as honourable as their attempt to save Sepul may have been, fell into chaos as multiple factions broke out and began to fight. In Awalentse a greedy magistrate made an attempt to overthrow the king in waiting and a massive conflict erupted. Nanacatl, faced by a superpower to its north and a relentless enemy to the west, engaged in a final effort to show the power of its Gods. The world was in chaos.
```

```
From this great turmoil, there was a silver lining. Artists around the world, devastated by the horrific events of the last decade, began to formulate a response. Independently, four great works emerged: 
```

`Treatise on Manoralism - Archeonic Empire`
*Following the collapse of Ramfelt's Valtir, the Archeonic Empire had emerged as one of its foremost powers. With the conclusion of the War for the Valtir, the empire now spanned an area similar to that of Valtoira. To manage a nation of such great size was no easy feat, and the emperor has a closely trusted advisor Pfythian who developed a system for management. Known as Manoralism, the structure formed a pyramid, with the emperor at the top and below him the kings of each of the greater states. Under each king were further subdivisions, duchies, which were controlled by a duke. Within a duchy were several counties of varying types. Pastoral counties featuring keeps were ruled by counts, cities were ruled by a mayor, and some counties were controlled by church interests. The emperor was, of course, also a king, duke, and count himself; being the King of the Archeonic Kingdom, the Duchy of Greater Nakavid, and the count of the capital, Khaganai. The importance of delegation of power and a tiered system of governance was seen as key to maintaining stability in an empire and with Archeon being the largest empire, many others would rapidly adapt their pre-feudal systems to mimic them.*

`A Copilation of Morality and Manners - Ravhavan Union`
*Kuex had expanded the Neung-Alchem across western Valtoria, while her publications most often focused on light and colour, she published a treatise following the end of the Ravhavan-Iturime conflict expounding the importance of a ruler's responsibility to their subjects. A good leader must balance their ambitions for expansion and growth with the necessity to protect the people. A second volume focused even more specifically on how those who fight for or rule a people must be honoured as such, but must also adhere to a code of chivalric conduct. These ideas of manners seeped into the common vocabulary of nobility across the continent, and in a short time chivalry became a key factor in how the public perception of a noble figure was formed. The responsibility of the nobility to engage in proper diplomacy, military, and economic actions also became core to the identity of the era. Especially for lower level nobles who directly interacted with their peasantry and gentry often.*

`The Heirarchy of Nobility - Mavarian Realm`
*Josuk of Lavish had written many tomes on the tenets and history of Serpentism, widely regarded as the foremost religious authority besides the Serpant himself. Josuk had developed a system of governance independently of, but very similar to, that of Phythian. He focused further on the symbiotic relationship between vassal and liege, starting at the base level with peasantry and count. The peasantry is sworn to serve yes, but the count is also beholden to the machinations of his people and must understand when appropriate he should respect their will. For example, a good count rewards his most diligent and productive farmer and appropriately punishes a store owner found to be withholding a portion of his taxes. The liege serves as both a role model and jurist for his vassals; showing them the path to take, rewarding them when they succeed and punishing them where they fail. This extends of course further up to a duke and his counts, a king and his dukes, and finally an emperor and his kings.*

`A Consolation of Ethics - Latvin Empire`
*The shattering had not heavily impacted the north, but still some new ideas emerged from it. A theologian by the name of Aquieus Mitacus consolidated the vast history of Solism and extracted from it basic commandments by which a ruler serving God must adhere to. While many of these were unique to Solism and Latvinia, one idea did spread far and wide across first Valtoria and then all Arcanis. That idea was simple, the sanctity of a pious man's word. Diplomacy relied on the good faith of all parties, and adherence to a strict code of honesty was essential. To swear in front of god was considered absolute fact and if found to be committing perjury, the sentence was often death for nobles. To swear in front of a person of higher rank was equal to that of god, as they had risen to power through god's will. Truces, treaties, vassal contracts, financial agreements, tax ledgers, and alliances would all fall under this idea of sworn testimony to carry something out. Globally this indicated a shift in general consensus towards one of the necessity of systems to ensure stability.*

```
Overall, these four great works reflected the most brilliant minds of the era pleading with the ruling class to agree on a set of systems which would restore order to the chaos brought on by the shattering. The era of collapse would not be soon forgotten, living on in infamy as the first dark period of Arcanian history. It would always serve as a reminder to those of all status that their stability and security was never guaranteed should they dare disrespect these sacred codes.
```