[[Stories]]
[[Development]]
[[Economy]]
[[_Ravhavan Union]]

_In the stillness of light, a candle’s light could yet be seen streaming outside a small window. This building was the seat of the [[Grain & Livestock Guild]], a far-reaching and populous organisation that controlled agriculture in this region of Ravhava. [[Hgomew]] watched the flame dance from the outside for a while, then finally approached the door and knocked. A few seconds. “Now?” he heard a muffled voice say, apparently with a mouthful of food. “It’s my man. Open the door.” Nothing for a few seconds. The latch clicked, and the door began to open. Whoever was on the other side clearly struggled; the door shuddered as it scraped across the floor. “Boss, we need a new door. Driving me insane, I swear to [[Klah]].” No reply. Finally, there was a gap enough for Hgomew to see into the small building. There were two men at the small table, one engrossed in the process of downing a beef stew while the older one looked Hgomew dead in the eye. A third man, guarding the door, ushered him in before struggling to close it again. Hgomew stood attentively, awaiting instruction. The older man gestured towards a stool, and Hgomew quickly sat down. There was an awkward silence filled only by the guard struggling against the door, barely managing to push it in the closing position. “Fuck are you waiting for?” the other man said between mouthfuls of stew. Hgomew jumped slightly, then quickly recomposed himself. “Sorry, [[Khoch]].” he stammered. He then turned to face the older man, who was staring right through him. “[[Tsawb]], I went to the market as you said. That bastard [[Khuq]] is undercutting the guild. My fellow [[Bogh]] told me he can’t afford to carry on like this. He’s already a week late on paying his workers, and if that piece of shit carries on taking our customers, Bogh's harvest is going to fail.” Tsawb responded with a single nod, the gears in his head working silently, giving no indication of his thoughts._

*“Who the fuck is Khuq?” Khoch exclaimed, slamming his spoon down as he glared at Walter. Tsawb glanced at him, before speaking for the first time. “Khuq”, he said with the utmost calmness, “is the gentleman who refused to join our co-operative. As a matter of fact, I extended the invitation to him twice in person.” Walter noticed a single twitch on Tsawb’s face, a miniscule hint of emotion. “The manner in which he rejected me was not exactly kind either.” Khoch, who was picking up the spoon again, gave a quick nod as he returned to his meal. “Hgomew, you may leave,” he said. Hgomew got up from the stool and began walking across. The guard sighed as he began heaving at the door again, the scraping echoing through the still streets. “Hgomew,” Tsawb said. Caught off guard, Hgomew briefly turned around. “How is the child?” “Good, Tsawb. He, uh… He likes that gift you, uh, gave him..” Hgomew stuttered, not expecting such a personal question from his boss. Tsawb gave a warm smile, his first sincere display of emotion. “That’s good to hear.” Hgomew walked off into the night, leaving only Tsawb, Khoch and the guard. “[[Ksugh]],” Tsawb said, looking him in the eye. “You know where Khuq’s homestead is?” “Pretty sure, boss.” Ksugh replied. Tsawb said nothing back, and simply gave him a dismissive wave of his hand. “Oh. Yes, boss. Like last time.” “More… than last time. This man seems to be particularly resistant to our messages.” Tsawb interjected. As Ksugh turned to leave, Tsawb stopped him one last time. “One more thing, Ksugh. Go to the chest in the back and take twenty coins. Stop by the carpenter.” “What for, boss? Oh… Thanks, boss.” Ksugh replied as he strolled to the back.* 