[[Stories]]
[[Development]]
[[Science]]
[[Military]]
[[_Ravhavan Union]]

*As the sun rises over [[Ves]], a man sits hunched over a table of sprawling papers. Rays of red sunrise shoot through the windows of the workshop he resides in like arrows. The engineer turns his head to look out the window, the Ves blast furnaces already starting to pump smoke up into the air as he stretches. [[Nebe]] had been up all night yet again toiling over his designs. He’d gained great fame and recognition from throughout the Union for the invention of the [[Nebian Bow]], however as testing on it continued it proved very delicate. The wooden chain needed to be constantly greased to have any sort of effective movement and the trigger would often snap. Nebe’s honour had not all been lost however, and now he focused deeply on improving this design, to the point that many other projects had fallen to the wayside. He had finally had his big break with the starting of mass steel production. He knew immediately this material would allow for a much stronger and sturdier design, and upon testing found that by exchanging the chain and trigger for identical parts constructed from steel, and the pentagonal gears for a steel gear with chunky teeth to catch in the chain and better transfer momentum, the bow became much more effective. This night was to be the last sleepless one, as He’d finally finished his final prototype and today he would present it to the [[Rek]]. Later that day, the bow was put on display. First, an older all wooden nebian bow was demonstrated, and the failures highlighted by Nebe. Then, the newly improved model with steel parts was showcased, and Nebe could not be prowler as he watched his creation fire bolt after bolt without a creak. Greatly satisfied with the improvements, the Rek’s only concern was replacing all of the bows would take quite some time. However, Nebe surprised him by presenting him a small kit of pieces, the new gears, chain, and trigger, and explained that they could simply be swapped out to equal effectiveness. This would cut conversion time in 10 and allow the Nebian bow to finally have its day in the light.*