[[Stories]]
[[History]]
[[_Ravhavan Union]]

_A camel’s hooves patter along the sand striding with grace through the cold desert night. Atop it sits [[Mbakena]] and beside him rides Itab. Itab adjusts his riding position, shifting the spread of spears strapped aside the camel and across his back. Behind them is a long trail of camels and soldiers, returning home from a campaign east through lands of disorganized tribes. The loot from each war grows thinner and thinner and Mbakena and Itab discuss now the future of the [[Ibni]]. While the financial support of the [[Elh]] and the material support of the Eneb could keep the Ibni prepared for any war, there is a certain pride that the tribe holds in its ability to provide for and protect the others. As the war party continues on, Itab and Mbakena continue to discuss how the tribe may adjust their strategy. It’s only as the sun begins to crest the horizon that Mbakena proposes something. The Ibni are a fierce fighting force, especially in desert warfare. As the tribes have now established connections with the surrounding nations through trade, this formidable army could offer foreign militaries assistance in their battles. Itab agrees to this idea and a plan to create a merchant force begins. Eventually, the sun nears its peak, and the heat becomes a danger, so the men make camp and rest for some time. Mbakena and Itab meet once more in the royal tent to discuss the final details of their plan. They settle to introduce a new element to the Ibni, training them to ride horses as well as camels, so that their prowess may extend past the desert. With the sun finally beginning to set the men pack up once more and set off to continue the last day of their journey home._
