[[Stories]]
[[History]]
[[Culture]]
[[Religion]]
[[_Ravhavan Union]]
[[2023-09-04]]

The universal Ravhavan religion is Yucka which was the force which brought the four tribes together. The beliefs state that long ago the progenitors of all Ravhavan people emerged from the stone of the dragon's spine mountains, near [[Nkhana]]. This happened when the god of rock [[Puhl]]'s domain of the dragon's spine was whetted by the god of life [[Ngok]]'s tears at the spurning of their proposal of marriage with [[Klah]], the god of language. This was the genesis of humanity, but was not the true beginning.

In the beginning there was nothing, then there was something. The something was Klah, the god of Language. Klah manifested as sounds, describing things. Klah first tried to describe an entire planet, speaking each word to tell a story continuing into forever. However, the stress of storytelling was too much for Klah, and his story began to fall apart. To remedy this, Klah began again, but this time with help. The first thing he would speak was a new being near equal in power to them, but limited in scope to the rock that makes up the planet. This world was more successful but Klah found that the new god Puhl was only able to create various solid forms which shift only slightly and over long periods, not much for a narrative. Klah attempted again, this time reform Puhl with a sibling, [[Ngtsu]] who had domain over the sand. This new world was much more interesting, Puhl creating a base for Ngtsu to populate with flowing sand and water with rain, tides, and dunes adding interesting details. Klah was finally happy with their world and proud of their spawn for maintaining it. Klah decided to appreciate this new world, falling silent for the first time ever. From this silence something emerged. The something was Ngok, a perfect reflection of Klah, where every aspect of Klah was ephemeral Ngok was real, where Klah creates planned and designed things Ngok creates improvised and imperfect things. Ngok began to work while Klah slept, creating at first things as simple as blades of grass and then later things more complex like trees and birds. Ngok then began to work with Ngtsu, creating the first sentient life, fish and salamanders. Then they approached Puhl, hoping to work with them as well. Puhl, at first weary of Ngok, secretly woke Klah who instructed them to go along with Ngok. This produced many new creations such as ice, metals, and yaks. Over time Klah continued to feign their slumber, now monitoring Ngok closely. Ngok eventually discovered Klah's resting place, deep in the core of the earth. Instantly infatuated with the only other being to compare to them, Ngok woke Klah, who greeted them and the two immediately fell in love. Ngok and Klah then worked together to create an amazing world filled with millions of animals, insects, plants, mountains, rivers, and more. Eventually, Ngok desired Klah so deeply they wished to become one. Klah thought hard about this request but eventually denied it, deciding that the two gods worked better together than they would as one, explaining that Klah had long watched Ngok working on their own and did not want to lose that beauty. Ngok felt betrayed to learn that Klah had known of them long before Ngok had discovered the god resting, and combined with feeling devastated that Klah denied their wishes, Ngok began to sob. These tears rained down across the dragon's spine mountains, cutting deep rivers into the landscape as they flowed down. They also instilled a special essence into the stone of the dragon's spine. Some stone softened and began to change and evolve. Eventually this clay formed into the first Ravhavans, who explored out from the caverns into the desert.