[[Stories]]
[[History]]
[[Culture]]
[[Religion]]
[[_Ravhavan Union]]
[[2023-09-05]]

After the birth of the Ravhavans, who were truly children of all the gods, the gods greatly lightened their interference in earthly matters. They had finally achieved their goal, as the narrative they had woven was now telling itself, and even creating further narratives which eventually began to tell the stories of the gods themselves. Amazed their creation could ever be so similar to them, the gods were all happy. Over time some of the Ravhavan tribes spread out through the sands of [[Ngtsu]] and the [[Ibni]] emerged. Those who stayed in the [[Dragon's Spine Mountains]] became known as the [[Eneb]]. Over the next centuries the tribes would war with each other, trade goods, and grow independently. The Ibni were extremely nomadic and would venture deeper and deeper into the [[Khetsi desert]]. Finally settling in a large group to train, they formed the first city of the Khetsi known as [[Ves]]. Back in the mountains, the Eneb had also come together from various smaller settlements to [[Nkhana]]. The two cities became increasingly reliant on each other, as the Eneb needed rare metals quarried from desert mines and the Ibni needed the stone from the mountains. Since both were along the [[Mse river]], a group of Eneb and Ibni banded together to form a trading company called the [[Elh]]. Eventually this group gained enough of its own identity they became their own tribe. The three tribes functioned like an ecosystem, working together but always keeping safe distance between them. This continued for another few centuries.

One day, villagers in [[Name]] came bearing news: a child had been born in the village who could speak from the moment he emerged from the womb. Word spread throughout the tribes and thanks to the significance of [[Klah]] in the folk religions of the area, many flocked to the holy city to see this phenomenon. The child spoke in odd phrases, often questions and riddles. It would slowly begin to exhibit the ability to foretell events, over the years this increased from the immediate future to prophecies spanning years. This child was [[Haghba]], who grew into a young man and began to travel across the Khetsi, down into Nkhana where he lived among the Eneb, advising their leader Eneb. He became fascinated with the interconnection of the tribes, and the rituals with which the Elh connected the two, travelling by caravan with the tribe to learn more. There the Elh took extreme interest him, as they saw Klah as their patron. Finally, he arrived in the the village of [[Cach]], an early outpost of the Ibni explorers that had been abandoned to farmers who did not ascribe to any tribe. Leaving behind the Elh he joined the small community and would give sermons to the people. He began to learn to farm and seemed to naturally understand the practice well. He developed new techniques for irrigation and fertilization, and the farms in the area prospered. With these techniques people began to recognize that perhaps Haghba exhibited aspects of [[Ngok]], Ngtsu, and [[Puhl]] not just Klah. He was made the leader of the local group and their small settlement grew. Haghba's achievements attracted other Ravhavans disillusioned with their tribes to join the Cach settlement, which was now known as the [[Ogol]] tribe. Haghba began to refocus himself towards the arts, writing and creating many great works of art. He would write tomes dedicated to his visions of the Gods and their lives, massively expanding the cannon of Yuckan folklore. He also created beautiful works of music comprised of complex drum rhythms and throat singing. His final passion was weaving, he begun with reed but eventually developed the spindle, allowing him to create large tapestries depicting the Gods and his stories of them. He is most remembered however, for his sermons. These speeches were collections of stories both old and new, telling the lives of the gods and the inner workings of their lives. Haghba would go on to record these stories in a great tome, the [[Klim Chak]] which used the stories of the gods to espouse various philosophies and values, it became the foundational text of the Yucka faith. As he approached his later years, Haghba turned himself to charity work, founding the first university among the tribes, a compound where he would teach his healing arts to a small group of Ravhavans who had been born with a rare birth defect causing them to be blind but very sensitive to sound. In his final years its rumored his visions had greatly intensified, leading him to create a second book of secret knowledge but no record of this remains. One day, he announced he would be leaving Cach and travelling north to [[Knus]]. Along his journey he was flocked by adherents and would often espouse wisdoms from his writings and sermons. Upon arriving in Knus he was granted an oceanside home secluded from the rest of the town at his request. On the morning following his arrival visitors to this villa discovered he had disappeared. Following footprints in the beach sand leading to the shore, they discovered his robes folded neatly and atop them lay a miniature version of the Klim Chak and a beaded sash he wore around his waist. Believing him dead the word spread through the tribes like wildfire and tens of thousands journeyed to Knus to pay their respects. His house was converted into a mausoleum, which now houses a portion of the [[Blind Sisters]], who formed from the people he taught at his university in Knus. 