[[Development]]
[[Military]]
[[_Ravhavan Union]]

As the Ravhavan military has greatly expanded over the past few years in response to the threat of the Vatlir, the need for the armies to have an official system of organization and leadership. [[Emira]] and the elders of the Ibni work to develop a grand new system for the new uLmana, the official name for the army. The Supreme commander of the military is the monarch, either king or queen. Below them is the [[Rek]], the highest rank of officer, there is one Rek and below them three [[Kevls]] each a long serving officer who has shown great ingenuity in strategy. Then, the officer corps is divided into function. One major officer heads up each of the classes of troops: light cavalry, infantry, spearmen, archers, heavy cavalry, and elites. These officers will provide information from their groups to the main strategic council and offer insight specifically based on their group's role. Then, troops are divided into smaller divisions, which are collections of regiments. A regiment is made up of a slightly different number of troops for each different class of troop: infantry being 108, spearmen being 96, light cavalry and archers 72, heavy cavalry 48, and elites 24. The other section of the army is the axillary forces. These have 3 officers each representing one division, siege, logistics, and police. The siege corps manage the construction and deployment of siege equipment, the logistics corps are responsible for managing supply routes and caravanning with the equipment needed for the troops and is made up of veteran traders from the [[Elh]] as well as Ibni nomad soldiers although the majority of the army's supplies come from a combination of living off the land and marauding so supply trains are not common, finally there is the police, who both keep troops in check during times of war as well as managing civilian populations during occupations although they very rarely operate within Ravhavan lands.