[[Stories]]
[[History]]
[[Culture]]
[[_Ravhavan Union]]

*[[Mbakena]] stands on a rocky outcrop staring out into the sky as a flock of black birds sway back and forth, soaring towards the horizon. “Majestic, aren’t they.” states a voice from behind. “Truly fascinating creatures, working together with other birds to navigate the desert from above. Much like you and the rest of the [[Ogol]].” respond Mbakena. [[Lev]] steps forward to stand beside his soon to be father in law. “Yes, our people call no land home anymore, instead ingratiating with the other tribes. It’s been a hard road, one paved by my mother and her father before her, now I lead us forwards, and forwards we will go thanks to you.” Mbakena smiles. “You make my daughter so happy, and I trust you will treat her well and love her with all your heart. The fact that this marriage will secure your tribe in the eyes of the others who have in the past looked down upon you and isolated you is secondary yet brings me almost as much joy. This will be a new age for the Ravhava family.” With that Mbakena retires to his lodgings and prepare for the next morning, when the royal wedding will take place. It is a beautiful ceremony, with the greatest minds of the Ogol all contributing gifts to the set, various sculptures featuring the likenesses of Mbakena and his family, as well as past Ogol leaders, paintings of the city of [[Nkhana]], where the wedding is taking place, and various works outlining the now famous story of Lev’s courting of the princess. The ceremony is presided over by the current Ancient Mother, the head of the Ravhavan religion and the Father Confessor, an oracular figure believed to be able to commune directly with the gods. After the ceremony celebrations last for days, the Ogol being known for their partying spirit and love of wine and music. The wedding would go on to become something of a legend, as stories became more and more exaggerated each time they were told. Eventually the story of Lev and [[Emira]] would become the most popular story among children, with Ogol storytellers telling of gods and monsters being present at the party in peace, just to witness the monumental spectacle.*