[[Wars]]
[[Military]]
[[Naval]]
[[Stories]]
[[_Ravhavan Union]]

*Captain [[Wheonik]] woke in a cold sweat, stomach churning. He had been dreaming again, dreaming the same dream he always did at see. He would dream of his return, the ship he captained approaching harbour, him standing on the bow as his wife and child looked on. Then the dreams would turn sour. The ocean would swell, waves lapping the docks. He would shout for his family to run and get back from the edge, but they could not hear his cries. His heart would sink as he screamed for the crew to speed up, to raise the sails no matter if they rammed right into the dock. No matter what he did or said he could not reach them in time, and every night the dream ended the same. A wave, larger than those before it, would crash against the breakwater, water flowing up so he could no longer see his loved ones, and before it crested and fell on them he would shield his eyes for he could bare not the sight of it, and in bearing his eyes would shoot awake. These dreams had troubled him since he had been a mere midshipman and he’d attempted to solve this plague of the mind several times as his means had grown, each attempt more hate brained than the next. Shaking off the feeling of unease he rose from his bed and focused his mind. Stepping out of his quarters and into a hallway before emerging the officer’s hold and onto the main deck of the ship. The smell of the fresh sea air settled his stomach, and his long weathered sea legs served him well. He walked towards the bow, assuming the position he would ever dream, however this time there were hundreds of ships surrounding him, all full sail, and he approached not the familiar port of Knus but a new land, [[Old Sylonesia]]. The Union navy would soon be joining their allies the [[Csarian Empire]] in their conquest of the western isles and Wheonik’s ship was the pride of the fleet, boasting large baillstae dotting the decks and a sharp ramming bow. The Csarians had taugh the Ravhavans the strategies and tactics of naval warfare, and instructed their sailing to allow for the small merchant navy to deplane massively into the fierce sea daring force it was today. This war would be the first step towards returning the favour. Wheonik walked back towards his cabin, letting the mates know to notify the crew to prepare, they were nearing land…*