#warmove 
[[War of Three Kings - 6 - Zavar]]
[[War of Three Kings - 6 - Valbaneea]]

## Enter Stage Right
*A banner whips against a stone wall in the wind. The seal of the [[Holy Mavar State]] shines as a beacon of strength. The Trifarix are the pride of [[Mavaria]] and though the state is split by the [[Toro Tribes]], their presence in the north is strong as ever. Gradac, though smaller than Zavkor, represents the extent of the holy state's ability to extends its power through the [[Trifarix Legion]] and the church. The banner suddenly stops flapping. In a flash the standard is ripped from the wall, a wall to a tower that barely stands, a pyre forming on the roof. A [[Xamenlia]]n soldier pulls the tattered banner into the window of the tower and descends its steps, presenting it to his commander.*
"A fine trophy, the first of many I'm sure. Come now, we have had a great success here today but this is just the beginning. We ride for Zavkor soon, Xamenlians and [[Valbaneea]]ns as one!"
## Nothing but Frogs
"WHAT DO YOU MEAN THEY ARE GONE" *Havok Kurakaki, commander of the jungle rangers was fuming, his two lieutenants unable to meet his eye.* "You mean to tell me you have lost an entire army? In OUR OWN JUNGLE?" *One of the lieutenants, Sunjak of Makvor, spoke up, his voice shaky* "Sir, we apologize for our failures. Perhaps the invaders have retreated north back to their homelands? Or south to join the [[Riveria]]n troops? Our troops to the south will surely give word in the morning once they have made raided them."
*Later that day the news came. Fighting had broken out between the Toro troops and armies at Dragulj and Vikend. The invaders had all but abandoned the forts. The few hundred forces remaining had repelled the raid, but an actual siege would be a simple matter. And so the rangers and pirates together advance on the cities, and while fighting was hard against the fortified Riverians, ultimately the cities did fall. Sunjak and Pavir excitedly reported this to the commander that day, but his response was the opposite of what they expected.* "YOU ARE TELLING ME" *He was red faced and shouting* "NOW WE NOT ONLY DO NOT KNOW WHERE THE INVADERS OF NAVORIA ARE, BUT THE SAME GOES FOR THE SOUTHERN INVADERS?" *He turned and began to write a message.* "Get this message to the Trifarix, no matter the cost. Carry it across the Valbaneean line personally if you must. I have a bad feeling about this..."
## A City Twice Starved
*Kartlun was exhausted. He'd had trouble sleeping since the retaking of Navoria. He was partly sickened at both the loss of his own troops and the savagery they'd seen in the city. But, there was something else nagging at him, keeping him from the slumber he usually found with ease while on the warpath. His lieutenants assured him there was no way the Valbaneeans could possibly launch a counter offensive for at least the next week and that they should rest while they could. The armies had begun to gather the supplies they could and prepare for the inevitable future where the Valbaneeans do return. Kartlun continued to worry; and now, looking out over the fields as his men were gathering what they could, he could not shake that feeling. He turned back from the tower window and spoke to his lieutenants:*

"We have done a great thing recapturing Navoria. It is essential we maintain our hold on it, so that we may reconnect our supply lines back home. There is enough here for us to last some time, but we must not allow ourselves to rest on our laurels. Am I underst--"

*Shouting cut the crown prince off, he snapped back to the window and stared out, shielding his eyes from the hot sun. He saw the legion in confusion, some pointing, others drawing steel, some just looking around... Then he saw it. Just emerging from the treeline was a cloud of dust. Then from the could emerged shining blades, armour and shields. He'd been right, the Valbaneeans were back.*

*Kartlun was running down the stone steps of the tower, his officers trailing behind him, shouting to each other and out the windows to the troops stationed within the city walls. His mind was focused solely on what was important. As soon as he reached the ground he ran out into the city center.*

"LEGION!" *He shouted* "The Invaders have not learned their lesson, they have returned to whet our blades once more with their blood! Grab spear and sword, we will hold Navoria!"

*The word quickly spread and the legion mobilized, gathering into their regiments and preparing to engage the Valbaneeans in the fields. The officers pushed for Kartlun to fortify within the city, but he retorted that their supplies were already limited and they could not resist a siege long. In truth, his mind flashed to the brutal images of the victim's of the last siege...*

*As the two forces met, it was chaos. The Trifarix had organized, yes, but only barely. The Valbaneeans fought furiously, and the Trifarix held on for dear life. The battle was becoming a repeat of the last, but Kartlun knew his troops were still outnumbered and had not been resupplied in over a week at this point. The Trifarix retreated slightly, and the fighting paused as a sleet rain bled into the night, both sides retreating due to their lack of visibility. Kartlun took this as a sign, the great serpent sending the rain to allow them some respite, and he made a difficult decision. The rain had stopped, but the night had not, and as the day approached Kartlun spoke with his troops by torch light.*

"We are losing footing and men every minute we fight here. You must go east all of you, march to Sjever and meet with the Legion there. We must make a stand together against the invaders, or all the Legion will be lost. I will stay and hold the city with 300 men until we cannot hold any longer, that way if the enemy sieges our rations will last longer. If we are broken truly we will retreat to join you. To ask of you this is hard, but who among you will join me."

*For a second, nobody moved or said a word, perhaps scared, perhaps stunned. Then, a young man from Zavkor spoke up:* "I will join you, my Crown Prince." *After this, more stood and spoke.* "I will aswell" "Me too" "Anything for the Legion" "We must drive them out" *Soon, the Crown Prince had easily 300 men volunteering to stay. He smiled, understanding these men truly believed in him.* "So it will be, you 300, gather torches. As the sun rises alight the fields between us and the wretched Valban forces. Under the cover of smoke the rest of you must march. We will hold. Trifarix will not die here."
*And so the Valbaneeans readied their charge, but were met by walls of smoke and flame rather than stone...*
## Prince by Name, Warrior by Heart
*The legion marched, and Kartlun was back in the tower. He was at the top this time, looking out over the walls and positioning his forces as efficiently as possible. He could see the enemy to the south readying to assault the walls and the last trail of the legion in the jungle east. He turned away from the tower's edge towards the man standing in front of him.* 

"So, you are from the Jungle Rangers? Well you are late, as you can see the troops have already surrounded the city." 

*He was amazed the man had been able to avoid both armies. When the Legion had returned to the city to fortify they'd found this man waiting for them. He'd shown the seal of Havok Kruakaki and stated he was Qurek of Wingaria. He'd told them he'd avoided the Valbaneeans by travelling through the jungle, then had slunk through the clearing by night. He'd waited at the gates, hoping the troops would return and find him.*

"Yes Crown Prince, I apologize. I have travelled as quickly as one can you must understand. If you desire it I will stay and fight here, it seems to me you are far outnumbered."

"No, you must continue on. I have sent the remaining legionnaires to Sjever to join them. But from what you tell me, it sounds the real threat will be in Xerelan. You must inform my forces of this, they must reach Xerelan in time. They are barely ahead of you and assuredly the group march is much outpaced by a single messenger."

*The crown prince picked the sealed not from the table, and added his own seal. He then handed it to the Ranger, who stared at the Zavarian seal as if revering the power it held.* "Of course, I will travel east. Inform them." *He bowed his head to the prince and began to ready his things.*

*Qurek was nervous, his breathing labored. Around him was only dark. He could hear fighting in the distance. He peered to the small sliver of light. He could see the court of Navoria. He was curled slightly, his body cramping. As he had been preparing to leave the assault had begun, his chance at sending the message lost. Kartlun had instructed him to hid, hoping in the chaos of battle he would perhaps be able to slip out unnoticed from the keep. The fighting had raged through the day, the sounds horrible to Qurek, who had not seen true war until now through his short experience. He closed his eyes and waited.*

*Qurek awoke to the sound of metal clanging together nearby. Peering out he could not yet see anything. But he could hear the sounds getting closer and closer. Through the doorway there suddenly burst a figure. It was Prince Kartlun. Behind him were some large Trifarix, and he could see the colours of Valbaneean soldiers just past. The four were engaged in combat with the enemy, greatly outnumbered. However, Qurek noticed, with every second those numbers grew closer. The legion, or what remained of it here, were fighting back to back, blades slashing through Valban flesh. Then, one of the legion fell. The others formed tighter, not allowing themselves a moment of distraction. Then another, impaled on a Valban spear. One was nearly decapitated by a swinging blade. Soon, it was three Valbaneeans and the Prince. He charged them, sword in hand. He found his mark in the first, blood spewing from the gash that had just opened in the victim's throat. Then it blitzed into the side of the other. Both soldiers collapsed, but before the Prince could deliver his third strike he cried out. The spear of the third Valban was lodged in his lower back. He threw his shoulders back in fury, spinning around and smashing his assailant with the butt of his sword, sending him to one knee. Then he plunged the blade through his back as if sheathing it, before pulling it back out and bringing it down into the neck, severing the spine and leaving the head to fall to the floor. He stumbled towards Qurek's hiding place and swung one door open. He held the young man's face in his blood soaked hands.*

"Pl...please...You must go...the walls...you must climb down... del...deliver the message...and...these..." *He removed a golden band from his finger, placing it in Qurek's hand and two small letters, each emblazoned with the royal seal. On one was the snake and tree, and on the other a crown.* "For...Luna...and the children..." *He handed the first letter over.* "For my...father..." *As he passed the letter illustrated with the crown, Qurek noticed some blood trickle down his chin.* "Whatever you ask of me. I will ensure no one forgets of your sacrifice Crown Prince. I will not make it in vain."*He helped the prince remove the spear and sat him against the cabinet.*"I am sorry I did not arrive earlier." *Kartlun chuckled at that, spitting up blood as he did so.* "It would not have made a difference. Navoria would be in the hands of the Valban either way. This way, there are fewer left to hold it... I am just one man, prince or not. At least, I know now, I see death before me and I understand the fear a king must feel... Now go...before... more invaders... enter the keep......" *The prince's voice trailed off, his head hanging limply on his shoulders. Qurek closed his eyelids and said a prayer.*
## Message in a Bottle
*And so Qurek escaped through the window of the keep, out onto the walls. Crouching down he saw Valban troops bashing at the doors of the keep, some entering through smashed windows as the other must have. He reached the edge of the wall and found a siege ladder. Clambering down it, he broke off into a sprint, not looking back until he reached the treeline. He ran for hours, his mind conquering his body as he felt his sore feet grow numb to the pain. He ran and ran, eventually reaching a camp just as night began to fall. He recognized the forces as Trifarix, and shouted out. They readied their weapons at first, but seeing he was unarmed and he carried the seals of both Toro and Kartlun, they brought him to the leader of the force. Upon receiving the letter, the General in charge of the retreat spoke quietly.*

"Thank you for your bravery in delivering this message. Please, tell me, what fate has befallen our leader the Crown Prince?" *Qurek hesitated a moment, his face becoming solemn. The general spoke again.* "I see, you need not say more. We will march to Xeralan, where we will avenge Kartlun. You may come with us if y-" *Qurek shook his head.* "No, you will barely arrive in time. I must go ahead, not camp out. I will take some food and water, but that is it." *The general stared in disbelief.* "You Rangers really are something else. Well, I believe it unwise but I am not your leader, so I will not stand in your way. The troops will give you supplies for your journey" 

*After a short break to eat and drink, and refill his water pouch, Qurek was off again. He ran along the road now the sun setting as he left, his feet patting aginst the packed dirt and stone. He ran all through the night and as the sun rose, he ran across a bridge over one of the river Maris' small creeks. Ahead he saw the trees break to reveal the town of Sjever. Arriving there, he found a large number of Legionnaires and even some local levies. He was taken into custody for a moment, but again upon seeing the seals, he was taken to the general leading the region.*

"My men have just given up our position at Serpiente, now you want us to fall even further back? Even if we reach Xeralan, you must have traveled for may days, this information is old." *Qurek shook his head.* "No, it has been but two moons since I was dispatched. I left Navoria near sundown yesterday. Please, I beg you, you must join with the main legion to the south. Do you not see the Price commands you?"
"I suppose you are to be trusted and the seal... Alright. We were able to leave Serpiente before a large force could reach us, so our numbers are great. The Trifarix will fight together in Xeralan, once and for all! You may co-" *Qurek shook his head once more.* "No, my work remains incomplete. I must travel to Xeralan. The southern armies MUST be nearing them. I will go and warn them and inform them of your imminent arrival."
## Serpiente Lost...
*The Legion was celebrating, they had finally made headway into Valban lands, rather than retreading old ground through Mavaria. Capturing Serpiente was the first step towards Tyranno, but their enemy knew this as well as they did. Forward scouts were sent upriver to watch, instructed to return the moment they saw Valban troops. The Legion got to work building defenses into the river town, but before they could get very far the scouts returned...*

*A large Valban defense force was approaching, spotted near Ala Nera. The commanders discussed shortly if they should attempt to hold, but ultimately decided from their scouting that even with the defenses they could construct in the short time it would be unfeasible. Instead, they retreated south to Sjever but not before dumping logs and debris into the river, causing a make shift blockage.*
## ...Serpents Found
*The commander at Xerelan sat in his war tent, communing with his lieutenants to discuss the possibility of an eastern advance, or one to the south. He was split between the ideas, but knew sitting and discussing was not getting them any closer to an answer. They were all interrupted by two legionaries and one young man. The troops said he claimed he had traveled from Toro, with a message from Havok and the Crown Prince. The commander asked him to sit, and to present them with the letters. The man did, his chest heaving and his body twitching slightly. He placed the letters on the war table, but as he went to sit down he collapsed. Immediately the troopers rushed him off to care for him. Reading the notes, the commander's face fell. He was suddenly glad for the bickering, as he knew if the troops had gone east they would have been running directly into the main Riverian and Valban force. His hair stood on end as he read that the forces were approaching, but it settled slightly when he saw the ending. The armies at Navoria, Sjever, and Serpiente were all travelling to Xeralan as they sat there to stand united. He relayed this to the lieutenants, ordering them to round up the men and begin preparations to hold the city.*

*As the Valban troops marched on Xeralan, they came upon a sight they did not expect. Barricades of logs had been built up around the city, as if the defenders had known they were coming. The march paused and they began to take battle formations. The troops began advancing again, and were met with a rain of arrows. Shields went up, metal tips impaling themselves in the wood. The army fanned out, approaching quicker now. Then the barricades fell. Wood came toppling down, creating a battlefield littered with new obstacles. Legion soldiers stood near the logs, having just tipped them over, and between them stood archers; who fired a new volley at the Valbaneeans. The army split, moving around the logs, still easily outnumbering the defenders, to form a pincer. As they began to turn inwards and advance on the town, noises erupted from the southern flank. More Legionnaires stormed from the jungle, accompanied by Navorian banners and levies. They charged up, pressing on the southern wing of the Valbans and creating an opposing pincer. The south began to crumble but the Valbans did reorient, trying to fight both sides at once. The Valban northern flank advanced on the town, now past the felled logs, and engaged the Commander's troops. The southern flank moved east, repositioning to go around the town and rejoin with the north. The forces were now evenly matched, and the true battle began. Fighting on even ground, no tricks, the two armies collided over and over. With each shunt both sides thinned and the commanders of both armies became worries. Then, from the north, there were shouts.*

*A massive legion army, over three thousand strong, stormed down the river bank towards the now united Valban forces. The back rank pivoted, meeting the legion with their spears and attempting to form a Phalanx. Unfortunately, they were not fast enough. The Navorian and Xeralan Legions now combined, they pushed in unison with the forces from Sjever. The Valban/Riverian line stood no chance. In mere minutes, the army had collapsed into chaos, while the organized legion penned them in further and further. Over the next hour, the great serpent claimed thousands...*

*Qurek awoke to the sounds of revelry. He nursed his throbbing head as he stepped out of a small war tent to see the city of Xeralan. He sighed, part of him believed he'd only dreamt his run from Wingaria. He saw the legion and levies together, celebrating a victory. He smiled. It had worked. He looked out over the great number of troops together. From the crowd emerged three men, older than most of the legionnaires. The commanders of the Navorian retreat, the Xerelan Garrison, and the northern front stood in front of him, the Xerelan commander holding an arm outstretched with a cup of ale.* 
"Come, celebrate. You may not have fought here, but without you, the Serpents would all be lost..." *Qurek took the cup and raised it into the air as the Commanders did too. The commander of the northern front spoke:* "To Victory" *Then Xerelan:* "To sacrifice" *Qurek locked eyes with the Navorian commander they both spoke together:* "To the Crown Prince Kartlun..." *All their arms lingered in the air for a moment, then Qurek lowered his and stepped forth, towards the revelry.* "Before we can enjoy the night, I have something that must reach the King..."
## Fortune Favors the Brave
*Sarah Mavarax spun around, her daggers shimmering in the sunlight as they flew from her hands into the chests of the Maris troopers in front of her. She pulled an axe from her belt and her and her pirates continued to hack through the men before them. They were on the docks, fighting north towards the stairs up to the city. As her force continued fighting she looked around. The harbor was complete chaos. Across the inlet more pirates were fighting, and a ship slid through the water, slamming into the wall to the city. Pirates began swinging rope ladders and pulleys up over the walls, allowing them to clamber up the stone. Maris defenders threw stones, hot oil, and... nests? over the edge onto the heads of the soldiers. Sarah and her troops reached the wall and as some pirates began climbing another barrage of detritus flew down towards them. Sarah heard a buzzing and the troops began yelling. She suddenly felt a shar pain on her leg, then another on her neck. Worried she was being attacked by archers, she checked her neck with her palm but found no blood. Then she finally snapped back into reality as she heard it. Loud, horrible buzzing filled the air...*

"WASPS! FUCKING WASPS! GOD FUCKING DAMMIT I HATE WASPS!"

*Sarah and her pirates were swatting around, some tried to ignore the wasps but were unable to as they swarmed. The Maris troops took the advantage they had and fired volleys of arrows down on the attackers. Pirates dropped left and right, Sarah had to roll out of the way of an arrow. The bombardment didn't stop so she jumped from the dock into the water, then swam underneath. She watched as her pirates did the same, hiding out from the arrow fire or backing up and raising shields to stay alive. As the arrows slowed, Sarah pulled herself up and out of the water, far enough away from the wall that she could regroup with her pirates. She grabbed a torch from her belt and lit it.* "SMOKE, SMOKE THEM OUT!" *The pirates followed suit, charging forwards with torches and blades. Some lit the fronts of their shields ablaze, allowing them to defend the arrows. The pulled siege ladders from the ships' decks, allowing them to overwhelm the walls. The defenders tried their best to control them, but there were simply too many. Once the pirates were up the walls, some dropped down and opened the doors, while others fought the defenders. Sarah stormed through the door, blades raised as she yelled out:* "Werth, YOU COWARD! I am coming for you! You may have bested my father but you will NOT BEST ME!"

*Over the next few hours the pirates continued storming through the city, backed up by the fresh troops who landed in the harbor after the gates had been breached. The guard tried their best, appealing to the people of the city to come to their aid, but the pirates outnumbered them alone and terrorized civilians in the streets, instilling fear in the populace. Everyone seemed to know... It was only a matter of time before the city fell...*