[[Yurmic-Thalertian War - 4 - Thalertia]]
[[Yurmic-Thalertian War - 4 - Yurmic]]
[[Thernik Union]]

# Bridge over Troubled Waters
*The march was exhausting. General Komtov and his men had been making their way north for weeks now, their conquests in the south successful. The Thalert garrisons had been all but crushed, but they were needed in the north. Their goal was to cross the Xhepaliks, but they could only do this if the forces in the north could hold. They had no way of knowing what was happening, so they marched north with nothing but hope...*

*Meanwhile, in the north Dhananjay was travelling with his group of men. His force was larger than the other fighting groups, a few hundred men to ensure his protection. The other groups rarely were greater than a hundred men, and would work in coordination with the small scouting teams to disrupt the attempts at ambush. The result is overwhelming, the ambushers methodically pieced apart. The only sacrifice is time, as the communication and care slows down progress. However, Dhananjay wins back the support of the Thalert generals, which is perhaps more valuable than anything else...*

*Komtov and his forces had finally reached the crossing between Hayealsk and Yurmeich, however as they emerged from the jungle it became apparent they had run out of time. The enemy stood between them and the bridge, fighting with a small group of Mavar mercs and Yurmic troops. Komtov signalled to his men and they charged forth, joining the battle. The battle was intense, the Dhananjay and his fighting groups joined together for one final battle on their advance. The Yurmic side was small, but the unexpected reinforcements from Komtov made the battle more even. Komtov's men engage Dhananjay's from the south, while they were attacking the other Yurmic troops to the east. This split was problematic for Dhananjay, but he strategically pulled back his force from the east to cordon of the southern force from surrounding them. Komtov and his men fought hard to hold their position, but were forced by an overwhelming force to pivot north and combine with the other Yurmic force. Komtov quickly realized this was a losing battle, and that he had forgotten his real goal, to cross the bridge north. Komtov resigned to the fact they could not hold this, and began adjusting his forces to hold off the enemy as they slowly progressed towards the bridge.*

*Dhananjay was furious, his enemy was retreating rather than face him. After weeks of ambushes, retreats, and bleeding his forces near dry, they could not even stand to face him like men? This could not stand. Dhananjay gathered with his fighting group and directed his men to charge through the center of the defensive line. Komtov's line broke, and all of a sudden the Thalert forces were in the midst of their enemy. The fighting broke down into complete chaos. Dhananjay was cutting through enemies with his blade, when suddenly a curved sword caught the tip of his halberd. The two blades twisted together and Dhanajay spun on his heel to meet the eye of this new enemy. He was unsure who exactly this was, but he recognized a great fighter when he saw one. Komtov stared back with a steeled resolve, recognizing the man who was quickly becoming famous across Thrench. He spit out a few words:*

"You have met your maker Dhananjay, even if the south falls the north will destroy you."

*As he finished Komtov pulled the halberd to the side with his blade and stabbed at Dhananjay. His blade was ultimately thwarted from its target by the lower handle of the halberd, swung around expertly to deflect the stab. Dhananjay was shocked to be addressed personally. He looked his opponent up and down quickly as he twirled the halberd back around to clip the man in the side. He realized this was no ordinary skilled soldiers as the curved blade flashed through the air and redirected the swing up and over his head. Dhanajay realized, this must be the lion of the south, General Komtov. He swung around his halberd again, but his fury was met with a stout resilience and though he came close to striking the body, the lion was too quick, the curve of the sword catching the neck of the halberd and wrenching it from Dhananjay's grasp. The prince grabbed for a dagger at his waist, but before he could pull it from its scabbard Komtov planted his boot against the man's chest, sending him hard onto his back. Komtov stared down at the prince, about to send his sword into the man's face, when he was struck by an arrow in his shoulder. The man stumbled back, and his troops surrounded him, cutting off Komtov from Dhananjay's vision. That vision began to fade as Dhananjay loses conciousness.*