#warmove 
[[Awalentse]]
[[Jersan]]
[[_Ravhavan Union]]

# Day One: Onset
*[[Vedius Dalmaticus]] was stood on his balcony, looking out towards the administrative quarter of Jersan. He sighed, he had a long road ahead of him. Through the wide streets soldiers clad in the piercing blue of the Republic bustled between buildings. He had built up his army quietly and slowly, which constrained his recruitment pool. There were some veterans among the [[Gran Militi]], but the majority of his forces were recruited from local garrisons around loyal cities, men who had never seen combat except at the drama. He looked off an to the left, towards Jersan Castle. The keep was fully visible above the tall walls, the hill it was built atop giving it the imposing stance of looking across the land. It was empty, for now, calling to him. It needed a king, a man to take the throne and Vedius knew that would be him. [[Lucius Rufinius]], the boy prince, was nestled away at the Oasis Palace in [[Tarkin]], although Republican scouts were reporting their positions as nearing the palace from the south so he would not be safeguarded for long. That boy infuriated him. His claim to the throne was weak, supported by the Ravhavans only because they knew they could control him. He saw a better future for Awalentse, and for himself. He had run the nation with pride for over a decade, and it was time for him to cement his place at its head. He had gathered support from dukes across the nation, and today was the first day of what he knew would be a defining conflict in the history of the Awalentse. He looked right, towards the guild hall. There the G&LG worked around the clock trading and transporting goods. He hated them too. The greedy Ravhavans had used his country's collapse to force their way in and take over the country's entire trade. Tsawb had a friendly face, and the two had worked together many a time, but Vedius knew they were no better than the criminals they had worked to root out. Disgusted, he looked ahead, out towards the desert. Except now his view was filled now with the gleaming sands but with a large neighbourhood of immigrants, the so called "Ravhavan Quarter" which had been built by the Ravhavans to "support the growth" of Awalentse. An even bigger eyesore was the large oval church, the first Yucka place of worship in Awalentse, its pointy roof reaching up to the sky. Oh how far his great nation had fallen. But he would return it to its former glory.*
# Day Thirty: Steeled Nerves
*[[Tsawb]] had rushed back to the city after the outset of the war, entering the guild hall with a level of emotion never before seen in the famously cold man. He rushed to his office and slammed the door, not opening again until hours had passed and the sun had set. Once he re-emerged, he had notes which he gave to his fastest riders and sent them out. A few other notes went by sea, but within the evening they had confirmation that every trade post, as well as a few cities, had accepted [[Grain & Livestock Guild]] control for the course of the conflict.*

*Flashing forwards a month, the city had not changed much. Tsawb now commanded the guild's forces in the city, mostly contained to the block surrounding the guild hall and the port. The republicans had seized the flotilla port, creating one of the first real fronts within the city. The tension in the port was palpable, although both sides were acting neutrally towards each other. However, Tsawb had sent [[Jackals]] in with the republicans to provide him intelligence, and now this had payed off. Tsawb was waiting in his office to meet with [[Khoch]], who was his main point of contact with the Jackals, as they had taken to his more hands on and violent style of subterfuge. Tsawb noticed Khoch had bruised knuckles, likely from one of his "interviews" which he used to gain information. Khoch grumbled out a report, the republican navy was mostly operating in the north of the Valente bay, stopping the Monarchy from taking control of the waters towards Jersan. However, there was a report on a large potion of the central fleet which was about to set out south to attack and take over the G&LG trading post on the border with the Csarian possessions. Tsawb was furious, he'd been promised by the magistrate that the republicans would not interfere with the G&LG as long as the monarchists still stood, and before even making an attempt on the monarchy they had gone back on their word. Tsawb sent for [[Wheonik]], his admiral, to intercept this fleet. He also sent word north for the troops to begin advancing on Jersan. He knew once the news of a naval conflict reached Vedius, there would be hell to pay in the city...*
# Day Forty: 