#warmove 
[[Awalentse]]
[[_Ravhavan Union]]

# The Bay of Death
*Admiral [[Wheonik]] stood on the bow of his cog. One of the larger ships in the [[Grain & Livestock Guild]]'s fleet, he had been given the opportunity to return to the sea once more as an admiral after retiring from the Ravhavan navy as captain. He now headed the G&LG's fleet, so when war broke out in Awalentse, he was called to arms for the first time in years. Over his contract, he'd grown used to the day to day life managing shipping and exploration operations from the mainland. However, part of him had always missed the sea. Something about the rocking of a boat, the sail catching the wind, cutting through waves, all of it drew him back. Now, he fleet was entering the Bay of [[Burlingam]] to engage a fleet of republican ships travelling from [[Gratian]] south towards the isolated G&LG trading post on the border with the southern holdings of the Csarian Empire. From the crow's nest he heard his spotter holler, signalling they were approaching the enemy. Sure enough, if he squinted Wheonik could make out the silhouette of the ships in the distance. They were now about half way between [[Amzon]], where Wheonik had set off from, and [[Krakzon]]. Soon, the Republican ships would escape the bay and with the wind in their sails be too far ahead of Wheonik's fleet to be caught in time. Wheonik ordered for the crew to deploy the triple jib, an invention of [[Kuex]], who was responsible for many of the new features of Ravhavan sailing. As the line of three small sails unfurled, the cog lurched forwards and began to pick up speed. Looking back, Wheonik saw his entire fleet deploy their secondary sails to match his pace. Perfect. As the two fleets neared, Wheonik ordered for the Nebian bows lining the ship's port and starboard. Men rushed to their battle stations, and the sound of clinking steel filled the air as they tested their mechanisms before it died down. The enemy had obviously noticed them, but quickly realized they could not outrun them and rather opted to assume a defensive position. In the middle of the open bay, the fleets met...*

*The balingers arrived first, smaller and lighter than the cogs but with large sails propelling them forwards, the pulled along the sides of the republican fleet and began to unleash torrents of arrows from the archers and a few nebian bows. Republican seamen on the ships along the edges of the fleet dropped like flies, some trying to take cover and return fire, but they were clearly taken off guard. The balingers did a full loop around the enemy, rejoining with the main fleet as it arrived to the battle. The G&LG's fleet split, once again wrapping around the edges of the enemy. This time, they drew closer, but the Republicans were better prepared. The ships who had lost the most crew turned sharply, edging their mainsails to catch the wind before collapsing them and using the speed to ram directly into the cogs of the G&LG, whos large size made them easy targets. Wheonik stumbled as a republican galley made contact with the port side of the flagship, but he regained his footing and grabbed the railing of the quarterdeck. His nebian bows returned heavy fire, and men jumped from the forecastle down onto the enemy ships. Swords clashed between the two groups of seamen, but ultimately Wheonik's men took down the shrunken crew with ease. The damage sustained to the hull was negligible, but an ominous creaking could be heard as the ship began to turn left around the front of the enemy fleet. On the way back, another volley of arrows carried themselves onto the decks of the republican fleet, further whittling down their numbers. Just as everything seemed to be going to plan and Wheonik was beginning to make another past on the right flank of the fleet, there was a great crash as a mast on the opposite side of the enemy bent horribly and collapsed into the waves. Wheonik spun to look at the crow's nest, but saw his spotter had*
/
*been hit by an arrow and was leaning out against the bucket, his head lying limp.*

*Wheonik began to sprint towards the rigging, pulling his tricornered off his head and attaching it to his belt loop. He began to climb, hurriedly scaling the ropes like when he was a rookie sailor, clambering against the rough fibers until he reached the crows nest. He pulled his dead crewmate back inside, and looked out towards the portside. When he realized what he was looking at he felt his stomach rise in his throat. The theocratic navy in [[Krakzon]] had attacked the half of his fleet as they were focusing on circling the enemy. Sandwiched between two fleets, the mast he'd seen fall had been that of another cog, making him wince with grief as one of the largest ships in the navy continued to sink beneath the waves. At once, he called out to his men. The increased speed as the came around the tip of the republican fleet and began shooting towards the theocractic ships. A few galleys modified to a Csarian design, featuring steel bows for ramming, took the head of the pack and rammed into the theocratic ships with as much a perpendicular angle as possible. A few enemy galleys completely split, and a cog that was rammed by two galleys, at the bow and aft, began to lurch over as it took on heavy water. Wheonik noticed a few of the republican ships begin to pivot to attack the weakened half of the G&LG fleet. He began to steer left towards the republicans, allowing the sandwhiched fleet and a portion of his ships to take care of the theocratic vessels. Now, gaining on the republicans from behind, he unleashed one final resort. Alongside the Nebian bows, archers dipped their arrows in pots of hot tar, lit them with torches, and sent them flying into the sails of the enemy. The dry flax immediately caught alight, and as the fire spread those on board were unable to extinguish it as easily as they could have a deck fire. In addition, the ships were immobilized, floating adrift as the whittled down crew was unable to row and battle.*

*The tide of battle had once again changed, now Wheonik felt nothing but adrenaline as he brought his ship up alongside the republican fleet. The crew attempted to stand against the G&LG seamen but the raiding party quickly overwhelmed them, and soon all that was left were the Vonlt ships. A few had managed to turn tail and run back to Krakzon during the skirmish, but the larger cogs were easily surrounded. Expecting them to surrender at their obvious loss, instead the seamen hid within the fore and aft castle, waiting for the G&LG. As soon as they landed on the decks, the men charged out, their blades slashing through the light armour protecting the seamen. Wheonik responded quickly, having his remaining men use their nebian bows to shower the remaining troops in arrows. Although some G&LG troops were killed in the skirmish, the battle was finally over.*

### Casualties:
**G&LG:**
> Cogs: 3 sunk
> Balingers: 11 sunk
> Galleys: 13 sunk
**Republicans:**
> Cogs: 2 sunk, 1 captured
> Balingers: 4 sunk, 1 captured
> Galleys: 7 sunk
**Volnt:**
> Cogs: 1 sunk, 1 captured
> Balingers: 3 sunk
> Galleys: 3 sunk
### Result:
While a victory for the G&LG, the casualties taken were severe. However, control over the Awalentse Sea is now out of the question for the theocracy and republicans, both of who incurred heavy percentage losses of their fleets. This is a **neutral** result for the G&LG, a **minor loss** for the Volnt, and a **considerable loss** for the Republic.

# Knocking on Tarkin's Door

"Come on, I thought you were soldiers, not children!"

*Zeldane bowed his head to avoid the eye of his commander, Merval. Him and his legion were trekking from Gratian, where the Republican central command had recruited them, to Tarkin. Zeldane was a [[Valdee]], a freed slave, and as such when the war had broken out he had been commanded by his [[Foreman]] to fight with the republic. He was proud of his status a free man, even if his life was still "guided", by his foreman he was now a man to himself, not the property of another. His pride shone through during his enlistment. He'd fought a number of times as a slave during the Ravhavan invasion, although he harboured no ill will to them, as they had of course been the ones to install the magistrate who would allow for slaves to be freed. That same magistrate, Vedius, now lead the republicans, and so Zeldane was happy to fight for them. However, his time in the army had been rough. The force was ramshackle, put together with great haste and under attempted secrecy in the months leading up to the war. His commanding officer was a captain sure, but of the garrison force within Jersan, he'd never seen real combat outside of a moment near the end of the Valente war. Nonetheless, Zeldane still believed strongly in the republic and its goals, and so he marched on towards Tarkin.*

*As they reached the foremost republican camps, Zeldane tried to focus internally, on his faith and belief in the republic. He had not seen combat for some years, but now that familiar feeling of blood coursing harder through his veins returned. His head felt heavy as he unfurled his supplies, helping his men set up their tents and starting a few fires for cooking. As the flames licked the meat, he turned and walked towards the large dune behind which their camp was nestled. Climbing it, he looked out and saw it for the second time in his life. Tarkin. A glistening marble in a never ending expanse of beige. The water of the oasis shone in the fading sunlight, and he could just barely make out the palace itself, with its minarets jutting up from the sand around the large marble clad structure. Between it and him lay a long stretch of desert, and a large wall lined with small figured dressed in crimson, the royal guard. Zeldane gulped, remembering the legends he'd heard of these elite warriors during his time fighting, and the battle where he'd been lucky enough to see them in action, fighting on the same side that time. They fought as one, coordinated and well drilled, moving like water to pierce, surround, or block an enemy. Zeldane centered his mind again, they were few and the republican force many, and they had long been out of practice, perhaps they had forgotten their way? There was a rumour that the most legendary members had not in fact perished in the Valente war, but escaped north to a secret warrior colony. Oh how much he wished he could escape as they had... No! No. He would fight with his men, they would see what was to come if they wanted to quash the republic!*

*After the troop had eaten, and the sun had set, Zeldane was trying to sleep. The legion was packed in small tents, providing little space or comfort, but necessary protection from the dust storms that ravaged the center of the nation. Outside, the fire still flickered as the troops assigned to the first watch chatted in hushed voices and kept lookout. Zeldane could still feel his blood coursing with the same energy as before, his spirit spurred on by the knowledge that when the sun rose he would once again enter the fray of battle. He needed his rest, and he had been assigned the final shift of the night to watch, which meant his time to sleep was limited. Shutting his eyes, he focused inwards again and began to drift off...*

*After what felt like seconds, he was jolted awake by the sound of shouting. He sat up with a start and fumbled around in the darkness for his armour and blade. The other men in his tent groaned as they began to do the same, albeit with more sloth. In a few moments Zeldane was up and out of his tent, fully clad in his breastplate and other armour. He wielded a traditional Valente long blade, about the length of his arm. As he emerged the first thing he noticed was the moon. Here, it shone over the dunes like the brightest candle, illuminating everything. The second thing he noticed was the chaos around the camp. Men were emerging from their tents semi armoured, others picking their swords from the ground, and more still fully clad heading towards the northern edge of the camp. Finally, he noticed the smoke billowing into the inky night, almost invisible. Before he could even think he felt his legs carrying him into a sprint, his mind blank as his instincts took over. Within minutes the yelling grew louder, only drowned out slightly by a new sound; the clashing of blades. He hefted his sword up, clutching the hilt with both hands and pulling it towards his shoulder, before he entered the fray...*

*Blood was everywhere, on his breastplate, his blade, and his face. Zeldane swung his blade hard across his field of vision, the momentum of the heavy sword carrying as it struck the metal armour of the man before him. The royal guardsman fell to one knee as it collided, denting the heavy armour as the man's ribs made a horrifying crunch. Still wielding his sword, the guardsman stabbed back, but Zeldane was able to maneuver around the thrust. He lifted the hilt of his blade up and into the extended arm of the man, forcing him to drop his sword. He then kicked him in the chest, sending him onto his back. He stared for a fraction of a second, the emblem of the Valentan royal family emblzaoned on the soldier's chest, but his hands did not hesitate, as he brought the heavy blade down onto the man's helmet, splitting it and scattering the man's head into the sand. He felt a jab just barely glance off his protected shoulder and he spun around, raking the tip of the blade along the leather of this new enemy. This soldier was a militiaman, possibly one of the townspeople of Tarkin, and was dressed in only a hardened leather. The blade made quick work of the hide, slicing through it with ease and opening up the man's belly. The man's eyes bulged as he dropped his weapon, clutching at his stomach and then looking up to meet Zeldane's gaze as he crashed into the sand. The Zeldane looked coldly ahead, emotionless, and searching for his next target. He noticed the enemy had thinned out, their attempted night ambush on the camps thwarted. The remaining forces were mostly royal guard, preserved by the strength of their armour. They were already in partial retreat, the gap between them and the camp widening, and Zeldane was about to pursue them when he heard a shout from behind.* 

"GOOD JOB MEN! We have turned back those evil warriors who protect that bastard child! Even in ambush, we have forced them to flee! Soon we will pursue them to their hiding place, and extirminate them like the rats they are!"

*Zeldane turned, Meval looked at him and smiled as he finished his speech. Then, the commander turned and began walking back to his tent, one noticeably larger and more luxurious than those of the other troops. The commander had not one drop of blood on him...*
### Casulaties: 
**Monarchists:**
> 840 Militamen
> 390 Infantry
> 48 Royal Guard
**Republicans**
> 670 Militamen
> 110 Infantry
### Result:
A devastating blow to Monarchist morale, the attempted nighttime raid on the forces outside Tarkin was completely defeated. Although some initial casualties were induced in the enemy, the defeat of the royal guard at the hands of what the monarchy purports as amateurish militias is embarrassing. This is a **Considerable Loss** for the Monarchy, and a **Considerable Victory** for the Republic.